add integration test for AFS plus DRA (#10359)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: keps/2941-DRA/README.md

This architecture separates concerns between DRA processing (controller) and queue management (scheduler), enabling robust error handling and retry logic for DRA-specific operations.

### Integration with Admission Fair Sharing

DRA logical resources participate in Admission Fair Sharing (AFS) when both DRA and AFS are enabled.
The logical resource from `deviceClassMappings.name` lands in the workload's admitted `ResourceUsage`,

> and `CalcFSUsageFromResources` applies weights to all resources without filtering for DRA. This means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the AFS penalty accounting mechanism applies weights to all resources without filtering for DRA. This means
```

Can you avoid mentioning the implemented function name?

Author: good call. updated.
